Update Changelog in preparation for the 0.18.8 release (#470)
adzerk/apso: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

### Security
-->

## [0.18.8] - 2023-04-27

> This release includes several dependency updates, some updates to make existing APIs more friendlier and a change to a

Reviewer: Grammar nit:

```suggestion
This release includes several dependency updates, some updates to make existing APIs friendlier and a change to a
```

or even

```suggestion
This release includes several dependency updates, some updates to make existing APIs more friendly and a change to a
```

Author: Yes, of course. At some point I had `more friendly` and wanted to go with just `friendlier`.

`Decoder` for extra flexibility.

We have updated the `Retry` API to make it more convenient to override the default timeout in between sleeps. We
previously had to do something like the following:

```scala
Retry.retry(maxRetries = 5, inBetweenSleep = Some(2.seconds))(f)
```

But are now able to provide a duration directly, without wrapping it in an `Option`:

```scala
Retry.retry(maxRetries = 5, inBetweenSleep = 2.seconds)(f)
```

We have also promoted the SFTP file descriptor credentials from a tuple to a dedicated data type:

```scala
case class Credentials(host: String, port: String, auth: Either[Identity, String])
```

Additionally, the `Decoder` for [Squants](https://github.com/typelevel/squants)'s `Currency` was updated to become case

> insensitive, meaning that, for example, both `"usd"` and `"USD"` now decode to the same `USD` currency.

Reviewer: Perhaps a bit hard on the eye, too many commas. I would suggest something like:

```suggestion
insensitive. This means that, for example, both `"usd"` and `"USD"` now decode to the same `USD` currency.
```

Author: Yes. I agree.
